Change android package to com.uport.signer (#34)
uport-project/react-native-uport-signer: README.md

```

4. Open up `android/app/src/main/java/[...]/MainActivity.java`

>   - Add `import com.uport.signer.RNUportSignerPackage;` to the imports at the top of the file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Add `import me.uport.rnsigner.RNUportSignerPackage;` to the imports at the top of the file
```
